Be check, uh, committee
for our inquiry into performance reporting
and public accountability, um,
for our allow live audiences benefit.
Um, we welcome, uh, Kelly Coombs, uh, chief Executive, um,
of, uh, for women at the ministry there.
And we also welcome Peter Mers here who we had an enjoy,
enjoyable interaction with last week, um,
c of Inland Revenue.
So just when you were getting over your
PTSD, we'd bring you back.
Um, so thank you for your submission, uh, as far
as being collated by treasury, uh, as the public sector, um,
providers, and thank you for being a couple
of chief executives, um, prepared to front it,
which is quite an unusual situation.
So, um, we've got an allocated
20 minutes. We're in your hands.
Thank you very much. Uh, Koto.
Um, look, uh, uh, thank you very much for inviting us here.
Um, as you've said, we are here representing our colleagues.
Um, so obviously we are,
we're not here representing government policy.
Um, nor do we, uh, attempt to suggest
that we're representing the public sector overall.
So what you'll get is a little bit of our experience, uh,
when it comes to performance reporting.
Um, from our perspective, this inquiry, uh,
is an important opportunity
to look at performance at the performance reporting system.
The system is important for trust
and confidence in government,
and we recognize that, uh, for effective scrutiny of the use
of public funds, like any system
and any government intervention, it's important
to step back from time to time
and just make sure that you're asking the right questions
and that the system is working well.
Our chief executive colleagues, uh, noted the importance
of reporting on outcomes.
While recognizing
that there are some pretty big challenges in doing that.
The current focus on outputs can, uh,
potentially drive the wrong behaviors.
So something to bear in mind
and that there can be a lot
of compliance costs associated with this.
Obviously, recent changes to the questions, for example,
that select committees asked has been a really great, um,
thing to have done 'cause that really has made a difference
in terms of the compliance costs.
There are some opportunities to make some real improvements
while recognizing the constraints that, um,
both the providers
and the users of that information operate within.
Reporting on outcomes is critical to public accountability
as they reflect what governments are trying, uh, are seeking
to achieve, uh,
and how people think about what it is the government does.
The performance reporting system
doesn't do this well at the moment.
This reflects, uh, well-known challenges
with outcome reporting.
So outcomes reflect the actions of multiple actors inside
and outside government over a number of years.
This makes it difficult to attribute government action
to achievement of outcomes
and to assign accountability to those.
While there might be broad agreement on what outcomes
to achieve, there are often legitimate differences on
how best to achieve those outcomes.
In these cases, scrutiny
of an agency's output delivery can
become a political debate.
We nevertheless urge you to focus on
how this can be done in a meaningful way.
If we are to improve outcome reporting.
The system needs to be clear on who's accountable for what
with respect to outcomes, policy choices
and output delivery.
Be clear on who should be responsible
for reporting on those outcomes that sit across, uh,
public sector agencies
and given the long timeframes involved,
have consistent metrics while also recognizing
that both the priorities of the government of the day
and ministers will change.
At this point, I'll hand over to Kelly.
Thanks, Peter. Um, so just picking up on a few
of the points Peter's touched on, um, um,
our experience has been
that at times the information sought can drive a
focus on the wrong thing.
So more of a focus on outputs than outcomes.
Um, and the information sort doesn't always reflect the
roles and responsibilities of the agency
or its context, including size.
Um, like Peter said, um, we are really committed
to the importance of performance reporting, um, in terms
of trust, accountability, and transparency.
Um, it's also important that the information we provide, um,
adds value, um, to you as select committee members
to Parliament and to the public.
Um, the current approach does impose quite a lot of cost on
providers with the information.
And at times it's not always clear
that the information we've providing is useful
and being used, uh, in a productive way.
Um, and just, you know, we do put a lot
of time, energy and effort.
Obviously it's important
that the information we provide is accurate, um,
and that does impose, um, those extra, um, processes
that we need to work through to make sure we
deliver it in that way.
Um, our experience has also been that at times more
and more questions can sort of get added on
to the existing set.
Um, and not always a lot of, um, revision of the,
of what those other questions are.
But I, um, like Peter said, I would like to note that, um,
when I, um, was in front of my select committee a couple
of weeks ago, we had, um, a revised set of questions, so
around 70 questions
and 12 of those were specific to the Ministry for Women.
So that was quite a, quite a shift.
And it also included some forward looking questions,
which is something that, um,
I hadn't personally experienced before.
And again, I thought that was a really good, um, addition.
As part of your, um, deliberations, you might want
to consider whether some reporting requirements,
whether you want them the same across all agencies
or whether there is scope to adapt, uh, to adopt,
adopt a more tailored approach to the reporting.
Um, that isn't, um, uh, a request for accountability
to be any different, um,
but more the information that sits behind it.
I think with Peter and I being here, um, with you today,
we sort of illustrate some of the range
that exists in the public sector.
Um, we do share some similar functions including
policy advice.
Um, we deliver, um, information
and resources to our different communities.
Um, but what that looks like for us is quite different.
We do have different contexts
and just as part of that at the Ministry for Women,
we're about 45 people.
Um, and land revenue is around four and a half thousand.
So, um, different scale and scope
and a bit of synergy with those numbers, which was, um,
not why we're in front of you today.
Um, so, um, just in closing, we think
that this is a really important opportunity.
You've got to determine what information matters most
to Parliament and to the public.
Um, and it will also enable us
to focus on delivering high quality information
that's meaningful to you
and is answering the questions
that you are most interested in.
Um, and just to thank you for the, um, time to be
with you here today and for considering our submission.
Thank you. I'm gonna go to Deborah Russell first
and then Todd's things so much to talk about.
So it, it's, it's really fascinating having, I think one
of the, Peter, are you the biggest agency
or, uh, no, not quite.
I, I actually think Corrections and MSD are. Right. Okay.
But you are roughly a hundred times the size
of ministry for women.
Yes. Awesome. So I, yeah. Okay.
So I was just thinking in the context
of the Ministry for women in particular.
I do wanna come back to IR and just,
and some of the things you're doing there
and the Ministry for women as a small agency.
Uh, do you find the reporting age, um, requirements onerous
or too much for a, you know,
what is actually a comparably small amount
of government money, um, that you administer?
Have you got a view on
That? That's right. 'cause we are one
of the smaller agencies Yeah.
Both in terms of head count and budget. Yeah.
Um, like we did have, it was really pleasing
to see the revis set of questions that we got as part
of scrutiny week, you know, down, we
Just got the same credit for that here.
'cause we actually drove that. We,
I didn't actually know that, but you know, that was, um,
really refreshing and much more manageable for us.
And also you could kind of see a better line of sight
between the information we were
providing and the work of the committee.
Yep. And the fact that there
were tailored questions as well.
And like I said, that that forward view was also went,
went down really well.
Well, with the team, we run quite an agile model, um,
because we are small, so people dipping
in and out of different things.
Um, so we, we make it work,
but I think, to be honest,
like 200 plus questions pre-hearing plus often quite a
number post-hearing, uh, a lot of time does go into
that process, which is really important.
We wanna do a great job.
But I think that that, um, that discipline of making sure
that the, that questions are quite, um, uh, coherent
and kind of make sense as a group.
I think it will also, um, not just support, um, um, you, you
and your colleagues, but also, um, members
of the public instead of like, we're wa through information
where we might have to say, you know, no,
we don't have user charges, we don't have a fleet.
It's more focused on what we do,
and I think more meaningful in that way.
Yeah. Yeah.
It sort of only occurred to me when I realized that we had
you and Peter in the size of your agency.
Oh, bloody hell. We're doing this to small agencies. Yeah.
Um, one of the things we've been, um,
discussing at length in this committee,
and I know in other committees is those lovely sanky
diagrams that, um, uh, the parliamentary commissioner
for the environment produces showing where that's
Another of the challenges that we have
with the focus on outcomes.
It's that attribution, um, question.
And also recognizing that there's a whole lot of, um,
agencies and also players out of government that play
critical roles in achieving them. Mm-hmm.
And I was, yeah, I was thinking from the point of view of
a select committee examining what the Ministry
for Women does, it's, it's comparatively straightforward
because of the size, it can actually trace almost down
to the person who does what.
And you contrast that with ir, um, which of course has a,
a big policy shop and a big delivery shop
and all sorts of things going on with it.
Um, so I was just thinking, Peter, um,
so Kelly must almost be familiar with every single line of
reporting and where it comes from,
whereas you would almost find it impossible to
Do that. That is correct.
And I,
and I think, you know, um, probably in Kelly's shop as well,
but people will be working across a number
of different outputs, for example, at any at, you know,
during, over any given period.
So, uh, short of going back to some
of the time recording systems, uh,
of the 1980s when I first started, no, exactly.
And even they weren't that great. Yeah.
Um, it's actually, it is quite hard to always to identify
the, the quantity in a, in a, in a, with a degree
of confidence that the quantity of input
that's going into something generally you're making
judgements about, um,
relative effort into a particular area, uh, the best,
the most effective way of doing that.
And then you're trying to assess the outcome of that effort
through the output into an outcome,
recognizing all the points that Kelly's made, that almost
by definition some of those outcomes will be influenced both
by other entities and by other parties.
One of the joyous things about, about the government is
that almost every issue it's engaged in
is complex by definition.
Yeah. And so this, a straight line
of sight is almost impossible
and will almost always be impossible.
The opportunity is to think about, um,
because it's a complex system, we're trying
to iterate our way
to somewhere better without necessarily being able
to identify what that looks like.
So, so the objective is are we doing something
that has made a demonstrable
or a, has shifted the dial in the outcome
in the right direction.
Mm-hmm. That's almost as far as we can hope to go
because of the complexity and the way the system functions.
Yeah. I've sort of been reflecting on that
and realizing that, you know, in terms of, um,
what the public might look at
sometimes they said it'd be
interested in terribly micro issues.
Yeah. You know, there's a, a wh of scandals somewhere,
or someone spent some money they shouldn't have.
Yeah. Or something like that, or it's the big overall stuff.
That's, that's where I find that reinstated table so useful.
Yes. Do pointing out, you know, people don't, page
16. Yeah,
Yeah, that's right. Page 16.
People don't know
how much money the government spends in each area.
And I, I know that a lot of the time when I'm talking
to people, it's usually about tax,
but I say, well, do you know where our tax money goes to?
And they don't know. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Um, and, um, it's actually very hard to track that down.
And I think we've got your table in,
in the revenues accounts,
but then in ought to dredge out that kind
of information like that, it's about 40 million on,
on welfare of which about half is
New Zealand super, or Yeah.
You know, to the, the 30 billion billion on health
and the 20 billion on education, you need
to know your way around the budget tables.
You do. And that's, it's almost an impossible task.
So there's this, we kinda get the big picture
only in your report.
Thank you. Um, then we get the micro stuff
and there's, there's this in-between where we just can't get
to the information or you can get to it,
but you need to know your way around it first.
I, I, I think that's a, a really good reflection
because in a sense there is real value in getting a better
understanding of some of those.
'cause in many ways, the outcomes that
any government is seeking a quite similar,
albeit different governments will have different views on
the best way to achieve that.
That level of reporting at the outcome level would
be incredibly valuable.
It's often difficult for an individual agency to identify
and pick up that outcome.
So that's a challenge is how do we think about the best
place to measure that?
Think your other comment,
which is often we end up down at the individual
expenditure line level,
and you sort of, you can understand why you end up there, is
because of the challenge.
I, I guess at the outcome level, it's, it's sort of easier.
And, and at one level, you know,
there should be accountability for that expenditure,
but on the other side, you sort of, you go to the value
that you're trying to generate and,
and the value of, you know, your time, the, um,
the media's time, the public's time almost.
And you would ideally hope the hope
that they would be focused on those issues
that actually are making a material,
having a material impact on those outcomes. Okay.
I better stand up. Yeah, yeah.
No, no, we, we can come back to you if we've got time,
we'll go to, um, Todd Stevenson
and Dan. Yeah. Chris, I wanna thank you
For both being here, but
Also, um, obviously the, you, you
and your colleagues have taken this quite seriously.
I just wanna reflect that. 'cause in the appendix is all
the workshops you've done.
So again, can you just pass on our thanks
that you did actually engage in this
and there's a number of workshops that have taken place.
So, um, I just wanna drill in that, you know,
there's a whole section on enablers.
There's a couple of things under enablers I just wanna get
your comments on and reflections on.
One is you, there's actually talk about, um,
legacy IT systems and technology.
Um, and again, you know, you're from two quite Yeah.
Different sized, um, departments or ministries.
So you might wanna reflect on that because obviously Yeah.
Whatever technology infrastructure you've got, uh Yeah.
Might make a difference on what you can report on. Yeah.
But the other one, which I think is really interesting,
you talked about, yeah, obviously our, um, our financial,
um, accountability systems second to none world class,
but you talk about the performance reporting,
there's no real performance reporting profession.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. How much sharing is there across, um,
departments or even support from treasury,
and is this an area where you think more can be done to kind
of upskill even people's understanding of
what performance reporting is, et cetera?
Yeah. We go,
Yeah. Okay. I'll, I'll
make a start and then hand over to Peter.
Just touching first on the enabling question.
And like you said, um, what that looks like
for us is a little bit different.
Mm-hmm. Something that we've had, um,
on our work program is actually, um,
working towards continuous improvement
of our performance measures.
So that's the feedback we've had on the OAG
that we've still got a bit more wa more to go there.
I think for us it's, um, maybe the,
the enablers are less in the technology space and,
and more that, that, um, how we kind of get to
that north star of what we're achieving.
So for example, um, stats New Zealand annually publish the,
um, the gender play gap across, across the economy.
That could be one that we, um, that we kind
of hang our hat on.
And, um, it's actually at the lowest level right
now than it ever has been.
And we have had a real focus on that,
but I'm not suggesting it's come down over the last 12
months solely because of the work we've been doing.
It's because of work that businesses have been doing
a whole range of things.
Um, but that's a real challenge for us is how we do get to
that really meaningful set of performance measures.
And we, to be honest, we are just still working on that.
We wanna get there. Um,
and I think this process will, will be a support for us to,
to to, to make further traction there.
Um, and just to touch briefly on your second question,
which is I do see, um, maybe that
that professional network looks a bit different,
but my experiences that members of our organizations
who are working in this space, they are collaborating,
they are connecting people do, um, have a bit
of a community of practice.
So I think it is something that, um, that we can continue
to, to build across the system.
Peter, you'll have different
Thoughts on those. I'm just conscious
of time, but really just to, just
to reinforce that last point.
And then on your first point about
technology, yes, you are right.
Different organizations are at different places.
The recent sort of shifts around, um, how
as a central government we're thinking about building our,
our, uh, system level infrastructure,
even if it's HR systems
and so on, should help over time reduce that gap between,
uh, entities that have got sort of UpToDate systems
and those that are perhaps, um, you know,
using old style systems.
And because they, uh, the idea is
that the processes will be standardized, there should be,
it should be easier to pull out some
of the information necessary to, you know, to be able
to respond in a much more consistent fashion.
Okay. I'm gonna go to Dan. Thanks.
That's a nice segue into my question.
Um, around, around attribution.
Um, you know,
let's just take a one outcome measure like
wages, uh, wage growth.
Um, every ministry agency has a, you know,
um, impact on that.
But how do we get to the stage from your perspective?
How do we get to the stage where your ministry, your agency,
can say, here's how we tangibly, um, contribute
to wage growth amongst the groups, whether it's, you know,
women or, uh, what are the barriers to us in that level
of granularity? Um, I know it's,
You're talking to an economist.
So, uh, I mean, you know, the, um,
I think the best we can hope to do is firstly have a,
an a logic that says, if, if we do this, we believe that
through this chain of events, this will,
this will be a, a potential impact.
And then, you know, using the tools that we have
and the information we have, try
and as best we can determine whether there is an influence.
It's actually really hard. I don't think we will ever get
to the point of being able to tie the, the string
between the two points.
Um, but, you know, we, we got some money in the last budget,
for example, to look at, um, how do tax, um,
compliance interventions, what second round
of behavioral impacts do they have?
Now, we will never be able to draw a hard line,
but as I think I mentioned to the committee, you know, the,
the Americans have done some work suggesting that, that
that second round impact is quite large.
To be able to do those sorts of estimates
that the Americans have done, you need quite a big
powerhouse of both information and capability.
So I guess I'm saying, I think for New Zealand,
I don't think we will ever be able to get there.
So there is, it's not a leap of faith
'cause you need to be able to articulate
how you think you're, you're impacting, um,
and some sense for what order
of magnitude difference you might be making.
But I think that's probably as far as we can go. Thank you.
Okay. Uh, Dr. David Wilson to wind it up. Um, okay.
Try and wind up real quick
because I'm not sure I'll get there.
But, um, you said earlier on, um,
a question around whether or not we should have
more of a tailored approach.
And I think we should dig in that
because we can get a little, little bit consistent
across all of these things.
You're not actually getting the, the,
the real flesh on the bones and the deeper understanding.
Um, so you'd be asking questions like, what worked,
what didn't under what working sta under what circumstances
and what respects and how can it be approved?
You're asking slightly different questions. Mm-hmm.
And even your, uh, example of the behavioral
research sits there, and I know that this costs more money,
but, um, sometimes a lot
of this stuff can just be done by your staff.
So have you thought about that kind of,
how do you add the qual to the quant?
Certainly, certainly in, in my organization,
and again, we're big, so we, we have an ability to sort of,
um, pull resources together around things.
We've got a real big, really big focus on continuous
improvement and how we think about the range
of interventions, the range of things we could do, which
of those do we believe will make the biggest impact actually
on the outcome, which in our cases revenue or debt.
Right. And so, um, we are always making those judgements.
We are always trying to get a sense for whether
that impact is having the outcome.
Another good example for us was, um, as you'll recall, we,
we didn't meet our target on, uh,
unfiled returns on chasing up un unfolded returns.
And that was because it was a deliberate decision.
As we, as we chased those, we were starting to find
that the revenue value was lower.
Mm-hmm. Now we believe that's
because we were getting more of the high value returns
complying, uh, without us having to do anything.
So it was, if, if we had gone on,
and this is a, a risk of focusing sometimes on the target,
if we had gone purely to achieve the target,
the overall outcome of revenue would have been less.
So we will always wanna be testing that.
Um, and it's not always hard evidence.
Some of it's pretty soft and, uh, and judgmental. Mm-hmm.
Yeah. Whereas with you, Kelly, it'll be programs. Right?
Yeah. And, um, I agree that we do have talent and,
and knowledge within our organizations.
And right now, um, at my place,
I've got someone working on the impact.
Um, it's really important that we understand what drives
that, um, what's delivering impact.
And also to understand if things aren't, um, we need
to know so that we can stop it.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. Valuable for us. Yeah. One.
Right. Mr. Muey? Ms. COEs, thank you so much. Thank you.
Please, as, uh, Mr. Stevenson said,
please pass on our gratitude, uh, to all those
that fed into this, particularly those many workshops
and all that interaction you had in July and August.
We will definitely do that. Thank you all very much. Thank
You, Christmas.
Thank you. Okay. Members, that brings us
to Rodney Barber who's here in person
for an individual submission,
but it's a very comprehensive individual submission.
Mr. Barber, welcome to the table.
And, uh, we also acknowledge
that you've had 24 years in government, so you've, uh,
this is, uh, an individual submission,
but one with a lot of, uh, lived experience,
Living And living and living.
Yeah. Let's keep that present tense.
Um, I hadn't realized before today
that my five minutes is max.
I had a four and a half minute talk,
but I'm gonna try and do that in two.
Yeah. But I'm trying to gauge with these many questions if
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
We'll, we'll leave some room
for questions. Yep. If you can.
Yeah. Okay. So look, um,
my view, I'll,
I'll capture the core components of my submission.
The core issue in my view is the system of reporting
and public accountability, um, is not designed within
what I call a public value decision making system
based on all that experience that you just mentioned before.
And I've outlined in submission, my justification for that.
Um, uh, 10 years
of analysis I've done since I left the treasury on, uh,
public reports made, made public giving views of
how broken the system is
and might view the biggest barrier is predetermined decision
making and decisions addressing symptoms not
underlying societal problems.
And the opportunity is a need
for relational public value leadership.
And that's within a context of five components
of a public value decision making system,
which I outlined in my, um, in my, in my submission,
uh, most important
of which is public accountability in terms of reporting
to the public on what's thinking about being planned,
what's being planned, what's being done,
and reviewing to see whether an effect
to achieve the outcomes and the benefits.
Um, what I've done in my suburb is applied all those years,
um, of lived experience using a public value decision making
approach with the leaders in my suburb to courageously think
and plan with local capability, um, in the suburb
to set a shared vision to build economic social culture,
environmental resilience across the entire suburb
and in time speak with our voices into decision making.
Um, and that's informed by six years of data gathered
through an annual survey we've done using the treasury
living standards framework to assess outcomes and benefits.
We've extrapolated that to 2030
and all the data trends are static
or declining due to seven systemic vulnerabilities
that are just not good enough.
From our perspective, we've co-designed a model, um,
and we are about to implement that
with 300 volunteers across the suburb to strengthen social,
cultural and economic cohesion.
And we anticipate reducing the demand
for government services by $4 million a year from 2028,
predominantly a reduction in mental health demand.
So this is a real world demonstration of
what a public value system can achieve,
and it will be financially self-sustaining stateable model
for other suburbs to use from April 27th.
In closing, just briefly, I discussed this
with the previous auditor general, whose response to, uh,
my talk here was,
governments will make the policy
decisions they choose to make.
That is why they're elected and it's for them to decide,
but communities should be able to see
how well those decisions and the money they're spending
and implementing them are working.
Therefore, in my opinion,
in the general previous general's opinion
and designing any future system, we need
to consider not only the information needed by parliament,
but also consider the broader community
and what they might need to help hold the government
of the day accountable and build trust. Thank you.
Okay. We're gonna go to Deborah Russell,
um, Dr. Deborah Russell.
Um, thank you.
This makes me wanna come and live in Newlands.
It makes me wanna come and live in Newlands.
Um, uh, it's really interesting
and it just strikes, I I just wanna ask, um,
may I contact you outside of this?
'cause I'd like to come and talk to you about your model in
the context of um Sure.
Climate adaptation. So thank you. I'll do that.
Um, but the other thing I've just picked up is, um, you,
something that's just been raising its head in a few cases
around at the table recently is around business cases.
Um, and having sat
and read business cases at cabinet committee
and things like that, there are these huge dense
thing things which have got so much in them,
they feel like risk ask covering more
than actually making a business case.
Do you have a, that's possibly it's live stream, isn't it?
Sorry about that. Well, do you have a view on that?
Well allow that as a technical term.
Um, uh,
so this is moving off performance reporting
and public accountability. It's
Sitting here in your submitted thing.
Yeah. Pardon? It's sitting here in the,
in your written submission
around poor quality business cases. Right.
Okay. Um,
when I introduced the Better Business Case framework in
2010, I connected with the cabinet in, in Whitehall
and they just done some work to identify what projects,
well, I taught it in the positive by projects Succeed.
And I found the five case model, which I thought was,
was common sense, combine the two into a systematic,
relational way that
public leaders can engage at the right time with industry on
how to make public value decisions. That's it.
Right. Okay. Simple as that. I've done it in my suburb.
Yep. That's, I'm fascinated by the work here.
It's sort of scaling it up into government
would be hard, I think.
Um, but I, I can see places where we'd want
to pick up this model and use it, as I said,
in the climate adaptation space and things like that.
Okay. Todd, Steve? Yeah. Which that
Basically leads into what my question was gonna be
was, um, yeah.
The model you've used in Newlands. Yeah.
A government department could take that
and use it to at least kind of better understand
what the public's looking for in their
accountability and and performance. Is that what
You a hundred percent. Yeah.
And the treasury has published a number
of reports saying that
what we need is community intelligence.
Yeah. So, given one
of the systemic vulnerabilities is in the suburb is,
is low confidence in parliament and council.
We are not seeing that as confronting
that we are saying we've gonna have some community
intelligence using the data
and having some pretty courageous community conversations
and feed that into decision makers,
which will hopefully improve the quality
of decision making. Okay. Thanks.
Okay. Interesting. Anyone else? Just a quick comment.
I'd like your relationship, David.
David's gonna give the vote.
Thanks. What was that David?
I like his relational approach.
'cause you know, we have these decision trees and stuff
and we're meant to just, you know, go through those things
and we come out with a logical answer.
It doesn't always work like that, does it?
No, I've got stories around the world
that would No, no one's got.
Yeah. No one's got it. Right. Yeah.
Very good. But it's about,
it might be public value leadership
and that takes courage and compassion.
No, congratulations. Thanks. Thanks, Rodney.
No, thank you so much Mr. Bower.
Thank you for appearing
before the committee and for your submission.
Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Merry Christmas.
Okay, members, that concludes our, uh, public hearings, uh,
for the performance, uh, reporting
and public accountability, uh, um, inquiry.
Um, so there will be a departmental.